lammps         chengsf        
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
unknown        dazlich        
unknown        dazlich        
unknown        dazlich        
unknown        dazlich        
unknown        dazlich        
unknown        dazlich        
unknown        dhuang         
unknown        dhuang         
unknown        dhuang         
lammps         chengsf        
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
vasp           ching          
unknown        dazlich        
unknown        dazlich        
unknown        dazlich        
unknown        dazlich        
unknown        dazlich        
unknown        dazlich        
unknown        dhuang         
unknown        dhuang         
unknown        dhuang         
